Lg/community contrib topics (#1328)
substrate-developer-hub/substrate-docs: content/md/en/docs/community/contributor-guidelines.md

 
If you want to contribute directly to this repository, typical fixes might include any of the following:

* Spelling, grammar, or typo fixes.
* Code indentation, white space, or formatting changes.
* Broken or missing links.

Note that any contribution to this repository must be submitted in the form of a **pull request**.
Before you create a pull request, be sure that the pull request only implements one bug fix.

If you are new to working with GitHub repositories and creating pull requests, consider exploring [First Contributions](https://github.com/firstcontributions/first-contributions) or [How to Contribute to an Open Source Project on GitHub](https://egghead.io/courses/how-to-contribute-to-an-open-source-project-on-github).

## How to contribute

This repository contains the documentation source for the [docs.substrate.io](https://docs.substrate.io) site and is focused primarily on documentation for Substrate blockchain developers and parachain developers.

### Making simple edits

For simple changes, like fixing a typo or making minor changes to a sentence:

> 1. Click **Edit this page**.
> 
> 2. Edit the page in GitHub.
> 
> 3. Replace the default commit message with a short description of your change, then click **Commit Changes**.
> 
> 4. Select **Create a new branch for this commit and start a pull request**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Click **Edit this page**.

1. Edit the page in GitHub.

1. Replace the default commit message with a short description of your change, then click **Commit Changes**.

1. Select **Create a new branch for this commit and start a pull request**.
```

Here's a summary of what you need to do:

1. Navigate to the [substrate-docs](https://github.com/substrate-developer-hub/substrate-docs) public repository in a web browser.

2. Clone or fork the repository to create a copy of the repository on your local machine.

3. Create a new branch for your fix by running a command similar to the following:

   ```text
   git switch -c my-initials/my-branch-name-here
   ```

4. Open the file you want to fix in a text editor and make the appropriate changes for the issue you are trying to address.

5. Add the file contents of the changed files by running a command similar to the following:
   
   ```text
   git add path-to-changed-file
   ```

6. Commit your changes to store the contents you added along with a descriptive message by running a command similar to the following:
   
   ```text
   git commit -m "Description of the fix being committed."
   ```

7. Push the changes to the remote repository by running a command similar to the following:

   ```text
   git push origin my-initials/my-branch-name-here
   ```

> 1. Click **Create pull request** to start a new pull request and provide any additional information about the changes you made.
>     
>     A maintainer will review your pull request and approve or request changes.
>     If no changes are required, the maintainer will merge your pull request.
>     If a maintainer requested changes or clarification, update your pull request and request another reviewer.
> 
> 1. When you see your changes have been merged, celebrate your success!
>    🥂

Reviewer: ```suggestion
8. Click **Create pull request** to start a new pull request and provide any additional information about the changes you made.
    
    A maintainer will review your pull request and approve or request changes.
    If no changes are required, the maintainer will merge your pull request.
    If a maintainer requested changes or clarification, update your pull request and request another reviewer.

9. When you see your changes have been merged, celebrate your success!
   🥂
```

Reviewer: The numbering is acting up so I just changed the last two here.

## What to contribute

The most valuable contributions from the community typically take the form of how-to guides or tutorials that help other developers solve specific problems, learn specific skills, or demonstrate specific tasks.

If you would like to contribute, you might be wondering “What is the difference between a ‘how-to’ guide and a tutorial?”.

### How-to guides

A how-to guide describes how to achieve a goal or complete a task. 
Only the information that is pertinent to achieving that goal or completing the task is included. 
With how-to guides, readers have enough information to know what they want to do—for example, open a bank account—but not necessarily enough information to know how to do it.
For example, the how-to guide for opening a bank account wouldn't explain what a bank account is or why you might want to open one, but would focus on specific steps such as:

1) Select an institution.
2) Fill out an application.
3) Deposit a minimum amount of currency.
 
How-to guides often include links to additional information, but should not include explanations that take the focus away from what the reader wants to accomplish.

> For more information about writing _How-to_ guides, see the [Template - How-to guide](/community/template-how-to-guide) and the [Markdown template](https://github.com/substrate-developer-hub/substrate-docs/blob/main/static/assets/contribute-templates/how-to-template.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information about writing _How-to_ guides, see the [Template - How-to guide](/community/template-how-to-guide) and the [Markdown template](static/assets/contrib-templates/how-to-template.md).
```
